Forge Standard Library docs (#207)
foundry-rs/book: src/reference/forge-std/popError.md

## `popError`

### Signature

```solidity
stdError.popError
```

### Description

> The error when there is no element to remove from the end of an array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The internal Solidity error when trying to pop an element off of an empty array.
```
